But I do remember the, well, antagonism, I suppose, is the thing, which I think lingered
for a long time in the thought of people being turned out of their homes to provide water
for an English city, was, it did make a lot of people, even people who weren't demonstrating
or anything like that, but I think it rankled.
And it still does to a certain extent, because it's often a little joke, you know, the Ronde
is two valleys, and whichever one you live in, there are people in the other valley,
and there's always a little bit of a needle.
And I used to work with a lady, still a good friend, from the other valley, the Ronde Valley,
and she always used to say to me, I don't know, why are they bothered to do things in
the Ronde Valley? Why don't they just dam it, she used to say.
And I'd say, you live in Comparque, that's an even smaller valley, I said, if anyone's
going to be damned, it's you.
So there's a bit of a joke, but at the same time, obviously, people weren't, hadn't forgotten,
you know, that's all.
I remember it on the television, and I do remember the feelings of antagonism about it.